Throughout the night and morning, Karl heard some noise behind the ship.
It seems that the bitterscouts inspected the crash site and their friend's death.
Karl slept through the entire morning.
He dreamed about his whole team being cruelly killed by the bitters.
Having slept heavily for 4-5 hours, Karl woke up.

- Well, I really had a fucking nightmare.

After sitting on his bed for about 10 minutes, Karl decided to create a task list.
He will jot down some ideas and plans there.
After yesterday's hard day, he wanted to eat, so he went to the dining room to find something.
Karl found some canned food, but he wanted to heat up it.
Unfortunately, the stove was destroyed.

- Huh, I think I can make a fire on the ground.

Karl gathered some stones and branches for his fire.
He also found some paper in the spaceship.
After quickly building a fire, he used his ultimate tool with a flint to light it and waited. 
While waiting, he noticed something moving in the river.
Karl stepped closer to get a better look.

- Fish? Lol, like real Earth fish.
- Interesting! Can I catch it and eat it?

While Karl watched the fish, his canned food was already heated.
He took a fork from the dining room, enjoyed the food, and thought about today's tasks.
For now, Karl doesn't even suspect that the guests are already getting ready...

While he was eating, he decided to sort through his supplies.
He also decided to keep a report how many supplies he had.
After emptying the can, Karl went to count boxes and calculate how many days he could survive.
Time passed very slowly, and Karl thought he would die of boredom.

Upon opening another box, Karl noticed a small piece of paper inside.

- Is there really anything interesting? If not, I'll die here.

There was an encrypted message on the sheet, along with a picture, and at the top of the paper was 
an inscription: "Automation".
In the picture, there was a big building with a lot of gears.

- Hm, it's really interesting. I think I recognize this cipher... And I also know how much computational power
is required to decrypt this type of cipher.

Karl set aside this scheme and continued to explore the boxes.
Every 2nd or 3rd box contained such a scheme.

- "Steel axe", "Stone wall", "Electronics"... "Gun turret"? - shouted Karl.

Karl has been finding many schemes for several hours.
In the evening, he finished only about 20% of his work.

- I'm very tired... I need to wash off in the river.

When Karl left the shelter, he heard a noise from the bushes.

- What the...

After remembering the bitters, Karl quickly washed up and returned to the spaceship.
He laid the exit in boxes and picked up a metal pipe.
Scared, Karl stood with the weapon in his hand for several minutes and then calmed down.

- It's not a good idea to go out at night.

Karl was hungry, but the only fast food avaliable was chips and cookies with powdered milk.
Fortunately, he found a kettle and was able to heat the water.
While the water was heating up, Karl ate the chips.
And when the water was heated, he poured it into the powdered milk and then ate the cookies with milk.
Since it was already about 12 PM, Karl went to sleep.
