Various parts of the spaceship were everywhere: in the water, on the trees, on the grass.
Some trees were smashed by the debris.
The water started to fill the floor.
Three hours have passed.
I slowly regains consciousness and tried to stand up.
Feeling a sharp pain in my left arm, I noticed that it was covered in blood.
In my hand, I noticed a big glass shard that resulted from breaking a glass.
Holding my injured hand, I slowly left my room, looking for others. 
I walked around the whole crashed spaceship, but didn't found any living person. 
I didn't find even bodies...
The exit door was blocked by debris, making it impossible to escape.
Breaking off part of an already broken pipe, I headed to the dining room.
There was a big window there, and by breaking it, I could escape without getting cut again.
When I got there, I broke the window and escaped carefully.
I immediately noticed a huge clearing with stones and deposits of ore.
The river where the spaceship landed flowed into the lake.
I also saw many rocks scattered across the landscape and hills rising in the distance.
Somewere in the distance, I could see something like a red stain.
Exactly at that moment, I was alarmed by the absence of my friends' bodies.
And then I remembered, that only the door to my room was closed.
Nearby the ship, I saw a bloodstain.
Pressing against the wall, I slowly moved towards the stain.
Soon, I heard a faint noise that made my heard race.
Coming closer, I was confronted by a terrible sight: a bloody blue cap lying on the ground.

- MAX ?!! - shouted I

Running up to the bloodstain, I saw a large brown creature.
After exchanging glances for a fleeting second, it lunged towards me.
As I hit the monter mid-air, I realized that its armor was incredibly robust.
When the creature ran up and bit my leg, I screamed.
Almost immediately, I turned the pipe around and pierced the bitter.
It also screamed and then collapsed.
I approached Max's body while limping.
There was practically nothing left of him, the bitter had even eaten his brain.
I limped to the spaceship and found a shovel.
Through the pain, I dug a small hole to bury Max's remains. 
The sun of this planet was beginning to set, and I decided to stay in the spaceship for the night.
