Karl wandered around his spaceship and saw a beam of energy over the horizont.
Taking the pistol, he headed toward it.
As he ran, he grew weaker.
Although he had only run 100 meters, he had no strength left.
He didn't even have shortness of breath, his legs just didn't want to move.
From there, Karl could see the scene: the beam of energy heating up the ground.
Around the center, there ware very many bitters of different colors.
In a moment, the whole horde headed toward Karl.
Karl threw his pistol and ran toward the spaceship.
After running about 10 meters, he fell down.
Lying on his back, he saw a big beam of energy and bitters that had already jumped on him.
Screaming and covering his face with his hands, Karl woke up.

- AAAAA! - Karl stopped screaming and said, - What the... 

Looking around, Karl felt a surge of calmness and joy.
He had been lying on the bed for about half an hour and was thinking about his nightmare.
After deliberating with himself, Karl got out of bed.
He was having lunch and thinking about his plans for the day, as always.
Yesterday, he had almost finished sorting his supplies, and today he was planning to complete it.

- Finally, I got there! Three last boxes with weapons.
- Wow, there is a gun with a magazine full of cartridges.

In the remaining boxes, there were many magazines and another gun.
Finally, Karl finished his work and went to the dining room.
Suddenly, he noticed a bitter in the window.
Moving back, Karl took out a gun and took it off the safety.
On the other hand, there was already a metal pipe.
Throwing a box out of the window, he left the spaceship epically, scaring the bitters.
Karl saw a bitter and immediately shot him.
The bitter started bleeding and had been shot through, but fought to the end.
Karl finished him off with his metal pipe.
Raising his head, Karl saw a couple of bitters.
He counted about five.
Karl sterted shooting back.
The bitters jumped on him and he fought back with his metal pipe.
Several times, the bitters beat him.
When the last bitter was left alone, Karl ran out of ammo.
He was the first to struggle and beat the bitter to death.
Covered in blood, both his own and that of the bitters, he ran to the river.
Falling to his knees, Karl looked at the reflection in the river.
Karl got scared and washed his bloodied face.
Immediately, he looked around to make sure that he was not in danger.
There was nothing but blood, so he went to the spaceship.

- I'm sure it was just the beginning.
- But what can I do...

While Karl was bandaging his wounds, he through about his protection.

- I noticed a rifle and grenades on the encrypted schemes.
- Maybe I can spend a few days decrypting some schemes manually, but they will be the simplest ones.
- Decrypting complex schemes without research laboratories or at least a computer will take forever.

All evening, Karl was thinking about how he could protect himself from the bitters.
For the beginning, he came up with the idea of building stakes.
Taking into account that Karl was a communication manager, not a builder, he was Peter's best friend,
and knew how to build many things.
He also maintained friendly relations with Kate, so he knew how to decrypt schemes and understood how 
it was difficult.
By the way, he studied at the same university as Kate, so he knew many interesting things about her.
Kate often told him funny stories about her family, played games with Karl, always considered him
her partner or comrade, and sometimes she even got jealous when he did tasks with other girls.
Karl almost never called or wrote her first; it was always Kate who called him for any reason.
It even seemed that she had fellen in love with him, but she was too modest to say it directly.
But if she had said it, Karl even wouldn't have cared.
Sometimes Karl remembers his team and misses them.

- Yes! I decoded the first cryptlet!
- Really, there are still 7 left, but I am convinced that the algorithm Kate suggested to me works!
- I think I can decrypt a few more before going to sleep.

Karl worked on equations until midnight.

- That's it, I've deciphered 4 out of 8 cryptlets.
- I'm gonna grab some water and head to bed.

With thoughts about the next day, Karl feel asleep.
